# Post Mortem
Use this page to discuss what you learned from completing this assignment.  It should be completed **after** you finish coding your assignment. Your post mortem must be at least 500 words long.  Note that the focus of the paper should be on your reflection, not on structure (e.g. introductory paragraph, conclusion, etc.).  The essay is graded on content (i.e. it shows deep though) rather than syntax (e.g. spelling) and structure.  

Below are some prompts that can be used to get you thinking.  Feel free to use these or to make up your own.
* Describe a particular struggle that you overcame when working on this programming assignment.
* Conversely, describe an issue with your assignment that you were unable to resolve.
* Provide advice to a future student on how he or she might succeed on this assignment.
* Describe the most fun aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most challenging aspect of the assignment.
* Describe the most difficult aspect of the assignment to understand.
* Provide any suggestions for improving the assignment in the future.

There were many problems I had with this project. All was mainly trying to get the camera to work and getting the taken image to show on the app. The first set of problems were just little bitty problems like getting the app to deploy to the android emulator. It turns out that the solution to this simply problem was getting to the android manifest, in the settings, there checkboxs allowing me to add in 86x for the emulator. Another bitty problem was that I kept getting an error saying that the code does not recognize "android.resource". What had happened was that I had just copy and paste the the camera example and that the program thinks that copied code is refering to a different project reference name. What I had to do was to make sure that I copied parts of the code that doesn't involve "android.resource" or that I just had type everything out myself. Once I got all the bitty porblems all sorted out and the build was a success. I'd ran it on the emulator and would get a permission error. I wasn't quite sure why I was getting this error because I was using the same code, line for line, that was on the example however the example would run fine. Thats also including everyone else that I talked to that was also using the example code. After hours and researching this up and finding many different confusing solutions to this bug, I had enough. I just thrash the existing project and just started another. The funnying thing is that I use the same code again from the example and for some reason this time it worked. I had no idea why would this work when the last one didn't. I think maybe it had to do with the fact that this time I was using my friend's phone to deploy the code instead of the emulator. I'm not quite sure that it was really because of this fact but with the amount of research I did for the previously code, I come to a couple of sites saying that it might be the emulator's fault for the code not working the way I had hoped it did. The following day I again have the permision error. This time my friend wasn't there. With digging through more solutions, I found a solution that does technically works. The user would have to go on his device, go to his settings, go on the apps section, find my app, and go on permission for my app and allow my app to have permission for the camera. Right after getting through this problem, the next problem came right after that. I would get a null exception saying that the image I was trying to get was is a null. Unfortunately at this time I was running out of time and could not find a solution of this in time.
